Hello, my name is Janice, and I work as a nurse at
Eminent Hospice.
I used to work at the nursing home.
It was very rewarding to work with the elderly.
Even if I gave them a little help, it was a big help
to them.
Even if I gave them a word of interest, they were
very smiley and happy.
I felt a lot more rewarding because of that.
One thing I was sad about was that I couldn't have
enough time with them.
One of them asked me to visit the hospice.
At that time, it was only for the patient.
I felt more rewarding because of that.
That's why I started hospice.
When you go to the hospice, you often think of
patients who are not clear-cut.
We help patients with various reasons to prepare for
the end of their lives comfortably.
If I explain in detail, the nurse went to the
hospice and looked at the patient's head from the beginning to the end.
We plan on the problems that are present there and
the problems that can be solved in the future.
After discussing with the doctor, we provide various
treatments for the medicine.
There was a person who went back to the hospice.
Her wife was a guardian.
She was determined to help her husband so that he
could be comfortable with the patient at home.
The patient was in a very difficult situation as the
body was progressing quickly.
In many situations, the guardian was very tired.
Then, the guardian was very tired.
And her children were living abroad.
The guardian needed a lot of help.
Whenever we needed help, we called her or found her
and helped her.
There was a limit to that.
The guardian was very tired. After discussing with
the guardian, we moved the patient to the assisted living room.
The guardian was able to accept the patient
comfortably until he was helped there.
To be honest, the guardian needed a lot of help.
To be honest, it was a difficult case for me.
The guardian told me at the end of the story.
After listening to the story, everything that was
hard for me disappeared.
The guardian told me that he was with me from the
beginning to the end.
He said thank you so much.
After listening to the story, everything was
forgotten.
I was very nervous. After listening to the story, I
was very nervous.
At the hospital, I heard that the guardian was not
helping the patient.
The guardian was very nervous.
I think it is our job to help the patient to be able
to take care of the patient well with their families.
I think it is our job to make it easy for the
patient to live as a member of the family until the end.
And I think it is our job to help the patient to
live as a member of the family until the end.
And I think it is our job to help the patients to be
able to live as a member of the family until the end.
I think it is our job to help the patient to live as
a member of the family until the end.